Brother Song Nan, you have been fired
You don't need to come to the company from tomorrow.
Manager, is my design not good enough?
You can't fire me for nothing
Look at your humble face
Is delivery good for you?
Otherwise, an inferior person like you
The house involved will also have a sour taste
I have notified the design company in Haicheng.
Banned you
Song Mingzhu, don't go too far
Too much, you dare to make me angry again
Watch out for your bastard
I couldn't get him into any school
Brother Song Nan, see clearly
To have money is to have the heart
With money, you can do whatever you want.
By the way, and your useless husband who moves bricks
Do you believe me?
Make him unemployed at any time
What's up?
The Song family increased the night in Haicheng
I can't sleep anymore. I can't soak him up.
It's okay, both kids are about to finish school
Let's pick them up
Pearl, are you Li Fuman ready?
You're ready, that's fine.
I will sign a contract with Fengshi tomorrow.
This time we must hold their thighs tightly
I heard that the president of Fengshi Group got married
The president's wife will come tomorrow.
You remember to have a good relationship with each other
Don't worry.
If he comes tomorrow
I must have licked him comfortably
Didn't I ask you to buy a dress? Why are you still wearing this?
You don't know the price of clothes in that clothing store.
Just tens of thousands of pieces casually.
We can't afford it.
And I just
You are unemployed. You are unemployed.
But don't worry.
I will find a job soon
But before that we need to save a little